welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the neonics circus 900 this is a high
performance get this guys this is a high
performance microfiber desk pad yes they
have made it so big that it is no longer
a mousepad it's not for your mouse it is
for your desk and then the most just has
the good fortune to be placed on it so
this is a desk pad moving right along
improve tracking performance the
microfiber surface counteracts data loss
and improves sense of tracking
performance all by that ok microfiber
kind of does everything else right all
right greater control more friction to
improve control over movements now this
is a personal preference thing I
personally prefer a higher friction
mouse pads not everyone does
some people prefer more like a like a
speed style mouse pad where there isn't
any isn't any friction that is
intentionally added to the whole
experience and that's not to say that
all friction is good like if you have
like a mouse with no feet on it and it's
just like metal across a wooden table
like that would be bad friction but a
little bit of friction I personally
don't mind it kind of enhances the
experience if you know what I mean
so non-slip grip firm grip irrespective
of the surface under the mousepad
extra-wide tracking area hence the table
pad moniker for sweeping movements
without interruption
a star has been born something something
the location of the star or something
about five times brighter let's go ahead
and have it's actually got like
something weight to it pet deep hey okay
holy crap okay they weren't kidding this
is a desk 10 so based on the I'd like I
was expecting it to be big but I
actually wasn't quite expecting this so
based on the shape of it I guess like
your keyboard actually goes on it and
then that way your keyboard and your
mouse are on the same level cuz I don't
know how many times you guys have had to
do this but when your mouse pad isn't
more
sighs like this actually that's still a
pretty big mousepad a lot of the time
you end up with like your keyboard going
on your keyboard slightly crooked so
maybe that's what they're going before
here with the desk pad concept I mean
just for the scale of this thing I mean
here's like a leg that's what a leg
looks like compared to this thing it's
like Ella but it's an entire - leg
length long with a Linus bum sort of
width at the end here no no problem at
all being being about that long without
any difficulty can I have a mouse
actually slick can you just sort of
throw me one I don't remember what
happened to that Corsair one that'll do
thank you sir oh okay so let's go ahead
and give you guys like see that's the
scale of it go ahead and get like a nice
top down sort of like doing this
that is how large it is and that is the
gaming experience you'll be having I
mean they're not kidding like okay okay
okay get this get this okay so if you
actually have this setup so like your
keyboard was over here and like your
mouse handle is here they weren't
kidding about long sweeping movements I
mean you could be a low sensitivity
gamer and still do a couple turns by the
time you actually make it from edge to
edge in this dustpan I think we've gone
on about this for long enough so it's
pretty thick it's not the thinnest clock
mousepad I've ever encountered is
certainly not the thickest either I
think that award goes to that
SteelSeries qck heavy or something like
that nothing's ridiculously this thick
there's your natural rubber grip on the
back so it doesn't go anywhere once you
put it down which is good because if it
went somewhere it could destroy whatever
it landed on and I think that pretty
much covers it thank you for checking
out my unboxing the first look after you
Sarkis 900 don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips from our unboxings
reviews and other computer videos